HOW TO SETUP MINECRAFT IF YOU ARE A BLIND EPIC GAMER:

Requirements: 
A computer.
A Minecraft account. This costs $27 sadly.
An internet connection.
The AudioAccess modpack.

Step 1: Run and complete the Minecraft Launcher Installer.
Step 2: Run and complete the Java Installer.
Step 3: Open the Minecraft Launcher and sign in.
Step 4: Run Minecraft, and close once loaded.
Step 5: Run the Fabric Client installer.
Step 6: Move the provided "Mods" folder into "%appdata%/.minecraft"
Step 7: Move the provided "options.txt" into "%appdata%/.minecraft"
Step 8: Move both of the "NVDA Controller Client DLL" files into "%appdata%/.minecraft"
Step 9: Open Minecraft.
Step 10: Press "Control Plus B" to enable and cycle through narrator options ingame.
Step 11: Navigate to the Multiplayer option. 
Step 12: Make sure to allow Minecraft to use the internet inside of the new opened window, (if it popped up for you.)
Step 13: Click the "Add Server" Button.
Step 14: Name the server whatever you want. You may need to click on the "Server Address" text box before it lets you change the name of the server.
Step 15: Paste in the provided IP to the server in the "Server Address" text box. Server IP: blindmg.my.pebble.host
Step 16: Press the "Done" button.
Step 17: Select the server and then press the "Join Server" button.
Step 18: Review over your controls. Press escape to open the menu, and then press options. From there, look for the controls button. Any keybind set to the equals sign is unbound. Make sure no keybind is the same.
Step 19: Read the Recipes.txt file if you want to know how to make certain things!

SERVER HELP:
The commands for the server are as follows:
/spawn, this teleports you to the main spawn.
/sethome homename, this is used to set a home you can teleport back to at anytime.
/home homename, this command teleports you to one of your set homes. Also use /homes
/kits, this opens the kits menu and allows you to select the "Iron" kit. Please note that this kit is automatically redeemed on your first time joining the server, and it automatically puts full iron armor into your player characters armor slots.
/back, this command teleports you back to your death location.
p, this keybind shows the Social menu. This allows you to see online players.
/tell playername, this sends a private message to the named player.

KEYBIND HELP:
You can use the following to control the camera:
8 on the numpad makes you look upwards.
6 on the numpad makes you look right.
2 on the numpad makes you look down.
4 on the numpad makes you look left.
5 on the numpad makes you look straight.
7 on the numpad makes you look north.
9 on the numpad makes you look east.
1 on the numpad makes you look south.
3 on the numpad makes you look west.

The following are for inventory control:
Use E to access the inventory.
Use Z to left click whilst inside of the inventory. Left click places all items on the cursor or picks up all items and puts them on the cursor.
Use X to right click whilst inside of the inventory. Right click places a single item if you have items on the cursor, and puts half of mutliple items onto the cursor.
Use tab and shift tab to navigate through the groups of the inventory.
Use the arrow keys to navigate the currently selected group of the inventory.
Home goes to the first slot / group.
End goes to the last slot / group.
W, moves up 1 row.
S, woves down 1 row.
A, moves left 1 column.
D, moves right 1 column.
TRADING MENU KEYS:
R, scroll up by 1.
F, Scroll down by 1.
RECIPE BOOK KEYS:
R, next page.
F, previous page.
C, opens/closes the recipe book.
V, toggles between "show all" and "show craftable" options. "Show craftable" only shows items you can craft.
Enter, disables the searching mode.
LECTERNS AND BOOKS KEYS:
R, reads the current page.
A, goes to the previous page.
D, goes to the next page.
ENCHANTING TABLE KEYS:
W, previous enchant.
S, next enchant. There are a total of 3 enchants viewable at a time.


The following is keybinds from mods:
g, reads your coordinates. X is your left and right values, Y is your up and down values, and Z is your forward and backward values.
m, opens Easy Life configuration.
h, reads your direction.
r, reads your health and hunger.
F4, opens the Easy Life Narrator menu.
n, opens the Accessibility Plus config.
b, opens the Accessibility Plus Extended config. Do this!
y, locks onto the closest entity within 10 blocks.


OTHER: 
If you need more help, want to give me feedback, or just in general want to rate the server, please message me on discord at GreenBeanGravy#4553, or in the #support channel. Donations to keep the server up will open within the next month. Updates for the server will be on the Discord in the #updates channel.

Finally, I hope you have the best possible experience on the server. If the game is currently only mildly playable, expect more in the future. This has been GreenBean, and have a nice rest of your day, Smiley Face.