HOW TO PLAY MINECRAFT:
Hey there! I will be telling you the basics about how to play the wonderful game known as Minecraft. Make sure you have either read the setup.txt file, or listened to the AudioAccess Setup.mp3 files.
Step 1: You are in the server either by yourself, or with others. You want to run around looking for trees. The trees are composed of leaves, and logs, you only want the logs. If you find leaves, logs are nearby, and you can destroy the leaves to help look for the logs.
Step 2: Oh wow! You found some logs! You want to hold your wooden axe, and chop away at those logs! The tree extends upwards, so be sure to look up higher to find more logs, and break leaves to expose said logs.
Step 3: Pick up those logs! By running forward into the direction of the no longer existing tree, you will pickup the logs. You need to collide with the hitbox of the dropped logs to pick them up.
Step 4: It's time to mine! Hold your pickaxe and proceed to look straight at the ground beneath you, you'll be able to tell if block names stop being red. After this, mine away! Collect 3 stone/cobblestone to create stone tools!
Step 5: You have stone, but you are also stuck in a hole. Type /suicide to get out of this hole.
Step 6: Hold your handy dandy crafting table and press right control to place it. Once it is placed, press right control again to open it. Tab or shift tab over to your hotbar and look for the logs you chopped earlier. Press z to left click on the logs, and then tab / shift tab over to the Crafting Input section. Once there, press z on any of the slots in the crafting table to place down the logs. Note that the inventory navigation can be a bit finicky sometimes, so it is best to navigate to the bottom right of the crafting grid everytime you so choose to craft something. After you placed the logs into the crafting grid, use tab / shift tab to navigate to the Crafting Output section. In here, hold shift and then press z to instantly craft all logs into planks. Note that you may need to click a few times before it actually works.
Step 7: You just made wood planks! Congrats! You now want to make sticks. To make sticks, navigate through your inventory menus using tab / shift tab and look for the hotbar or inventory. Your planks will be in one of these. Once you find your planks, press z to grab the stack and navigate back to the crafting input section. Move down to any part of the bottom of the crafting grid, and press x to place 1 plank into the grid. Now from here, move up one and press x again. Navigate to the crafting output section and press shift z, again it may take a few times. Now finally, navigate back to the inventory and press z on any empty spot.
Step 8: The last and final step for now. Open the Crafting Table and toggle the Recipe Book using C to toggle it, and then press v to toggle the recipe books results over to "show craftable". Find the stone pickaxe and use shift + Z to put it into the crafting grid for you! Now go to the crafting output section and take your new pick! Navigate back to the inventory / hotbar and move the stone pickaxe inplace of the wooden one.
That's it! You just got a better pickaxe! This pickaxe mines faster, lasts longer, and does more damage. You should also open the text chat by pressing t or / and type /jobs join miner. Now every time you break stone or ores, you get paid! Use the /balance command to see your balance at any point.
Phew! That was long! I hope this was informative enough for you. Thanks for reading.